Wu Qi
Mu Yan's aunt has always been so outspoken
Don't take it to heart
But
Although these dowry gifts you bring are extremely valuable
But Mu Yan is our only daughter
We have always regarded her as the apple of our eyes since we were children
But I understand what you mean.
What else needs to be added to the list?
You have the final say
Blunt enough
I'm not going around in circles then.
Tell the truth
The investment of the group responsible for the accident has failed year after year
The funding hole is astronomical
I'm afraid the 50 billion you funded is not enough.
It's not hard
I will definitely do my best.
Help the Zhao family come back to life
You can tell me the specific number.
And
Although our Zhao family used to be one of the four major families
But you need to see other people's faces everywhere
Now the Li Wang family has fallen
Then I hope to take this opportunity
Let the Zhao family become the largest family in Beihai
After all, the North Sea is Great Xia's territory
Even the Promise Palace cannot be exercised arbitrarily
All over the world
The Promise Temple overlooking all living beings
Is there anything that can't be done?
Hey, Sister Xiaowu
Are you deliberately shirking?
Don't forget that Mu Yan hasn't married you yet
That being the case
I will use all my connections
I wish the Zhao family to climb to the top of the North Sea
As expected of the Dianzu of Wuji Hall
Sure enough
But I have one last request.
Uncle, but it doesn't matter
I'll do my best no matter what.
It's actually not a big deal
You are the owner of the Promise Palace
We Mu Yan are going to marry you soon
Should this Wuji Temple be
There is a share of our Zhao family
Pardon me?